c:\users\marc-antoine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\httpfsc\httpfsc\bin\Debug\httpfsc.exe.config
c:\users\marc-antoine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\httpfsc\httpfsc\bin\Debug\httpfsc.exe
c:\users\marc-antoine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\httpfsc\httpfsc\bin\Debug\httpfsc.pdb
c:\users\marc-antoine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\httpfsc\httpfsc\bin\Debug\Flurl.dll
c:\users\marc-antoine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\httpfsc\httpfsc\bin\Debug\Flurl.Http.dll
c:\users\marc-antoine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\httpfsc\httpfsc\bin\Debug\httpfsc.Business.dll
c:\users\marc-antoine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\httpfsc\httpfsc\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\marc-antoine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\httpfsc\httpfsc\bin\Debug\httpfsc.Business.pdb
c:\users\marc-antoine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\httpfsc\httpfsc\bin\Debug\Flurl.pdb
c:\users\marc-antoine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\httpfsc\httpfsc\bin\Debug\Flurl.xml
c:\users\marc-antoine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\httpfsc\httpfsc\bin\Debug\Flurl.Http.pdb
c:\users\marc-antoine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\httpfsc\httpfsc\bin\Debug\Flurl.Http.xml
c:\users\marc-antoine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\httpfsc\httpfsc\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\marc-antoine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\httpfsc\httpfsc\obj\Debug\httpfsc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\marc-antoine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\httpfsc\httpfsc\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\marc-antoine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\httpfsc\httpfsc\obj\Debug\httpfsc_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\marc-antoine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\httpfsc\httpfsc\obj\Debug\httpfsc.g.resources
c:\users\marc-antoine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\httpfsc\httpfsc\obj\Debug\httpfsc.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\marc-antoine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\httpfsc\httpfsc\obj\Debug\httpfsc.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\marc-antoine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\httpfsc\httpfsc\obj\Debug\httpfsc.exe
c:\users\marc-antoine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\httpfsc\httpfsc\obj\Debug\httpfsc.pdb
c:\users\marc-antoine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\httpfsc\httpfsc\obj\Debug\Browser.baml
c:\users\marc-antoine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\httpfsc\httpfsc\obj\Debug\Browser.g.cs
